#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.3.0
    # via starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
docarray==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.110.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.32
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   docarray
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
orjson==3.10.0
    # via
    #   docarray
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==1.10.8
    # via
    #   docarray
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
rich==13.7.1
    # via docarray
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
types-requests==2.31.0.20240406
    # via docarray
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pypdf
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   docarray
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp